I normally take a star away for food this pricey, but it was honestly worth it.  Best new restaurant in Pittsburgh this summer. I went to the spoon lounge for drinks and a snack, the decor and setup are essentially the same as when it was the red room.  The drink menu is broad and the appetizers were delicious.   My only gripe with the place was that the service was terrible.  We had to keep asking our waitress to bring us drink and then she forgot what we ordered.  Probably just growing pains so I will likely go back Spoon just proves that East Liberty is neighborhood in the midst of revitalization. Spoon itself is split into a restaurant and a lounge area. Currently, the lounge area offers an intimate bar setting and a limited appetizer menu (although there are burgers S-W). The restaurant has a full menu, and includes a wide variety of items sourced from local growers. My friends and I uniformly thought that the food was fantastic, and the presentation was good. I took a look at the wine list, as well, and the selection is decent, although not outstanding, but more importantly, the prices are reasonable. We had no problem getting a table on a weeknight, and I would recommend this as a good place to take a date or get an after-work drink. s stupid PLCB, I never order wine.  The prices and selections are not up to the food.  There were a few good selections but (again, because of PA) the prices are just not worth the bottles.  This is why I usually stick to BYO restaurants. I suggest sticking to the mixed drinks - they are much better values. Overall a very good addition to the dining choices in Pittsburgh. re looking for a treat, check out Spoon! I took my family there on a Sunday for dinner and all in all, the experience was pleasant but the food is by no means memorable or spectacular at all. We ordered the duck duck foie,and pork belly with bacon and an poached egg as appetizers. The pork belly was definitely not the actual belly but instead the cheaper tougher meat adjacent to it. By far, only Tamari has conjured up actual pork belly. the duck duck foie was mediocre. Duck was dry and god knows where the 'foie' was. Our dinners consisted of the chicken, pork tenderloin, salmon, and butterfish. The chicken was too salty and dry. The pork was decent and paired well with the creamy polenta. The butterfish was flavorful with a nice soft texture. The salmon was cooked well, but the dish was overall bland. What an inviting, incredible restaurant! My boyfriend took me here as a special surprise dinner.  We had outstanding service and outstanding food. I love that ingredients are local and sustainable.nWe shared the gorgonzola blue cheese souffle (with beet salad, switch from apples on previous me) appetizer. I had the miso glazed butterfish with brocolini and diakon and my boyfriend had the bass (I forget exact preparation but there were fingerlings potatoes- I think.  But leek flan for sure which was surprisingly mild and quite good.) For dessert, I chose sorbets and boyfriend had milk/white chocolate bread pudding.nWe had an excellent meal.  Some of the less-than-positive reviews were bewildering. Our service was good-attentive, friendly, knowledgeable. t question it. Just order it.  It was the most amazing thing ever.  They use fresh local and organics ingredients for their products.  The tasting menu was 65 a person and 30 to add on the wine.  It was superb.  I am looking for excuses to go back!nnAlso-- I do not agree with the 'Casual' dress attire. I think this is a place where people should dress up a bit. I returned to Spoon last night to give it a second try. Service improved tenfold, and the food was fantastic as always. Definitely recommend it. Review and pictures on my site Congrats to this terrific place for making the 2010 list of 'Top Ten New Restaurants in USA'. What an honor!nnhttp://www.gayot.com/best-restaurants/2010/top10-newrestaurants.html t even attempt dessert. Maybe next time...and there will be a next time!nnIf I could knock off half a star I would. Only because of the valet, they park your car for you but its up to you to find it afterwards. At $3 though, its hard to complain s evening!!! ve eaten in beautiful rowhouses at the tables of inventive husband and wife teams who stood in front of me and put their hearts on the line. I expect as much from Pittsburgh. The bar summed up the place for me: the bartender told me he likes bourbon, but all they had was brand-name, big-batch stuff. m reviewing a place I hearted for a mile marker. ll try Spoon again. Is this a 'hot' and 'must do' restaurant in Pittsburgh? Not necessarily; certainly not in my opinion at the moment. It did seem very popular with more elderly clientele, though. s nothing like fried chicken but everything and more...nSimply Amazing! s expensive. Do I recommend? Hell yes. There are plenty of trendy Pittsburgh restaurants where you get a nice steak.  Spoon is one of the few gourmet eateries where you can get something far more rare, you get surprised!  Everything on the menu was delicious, but about half of it was inventive gourmet diner food with fun, funky remixes of diner fare like chicken and dumplings, fried chicken and Mac and cheese and tomato soup with blt.  All of these had deeply inventive preparations and additions and were expertly prepared.  Spoon defiantly challenges the norms of what foods are allowed to be 'gourmet'.  Come hungry and expect to be delighted and surprised!